content/2025/_index.md, before:

---
title: Home
menu:
    main:
        weight: 1
        identifier: home-2025
year: 2025
type: home
layout: home
---

<!-- JUMBO -->

{{% jumbo img="/images/2025/background_2025.jpg" imgLabel="QCrypt 2025 background" logo="/images/2025/QCrypt_2025_logo.png" %}}

## 25–29 August 2025

{{< button-link label="Conference Call"
                url="technical/call"
                icon="right" >}}

{{< button-link label="Regisration"
                url="attend/registration"
                icon="direction" >}}

{{< button-link label="Schedule"
                url="schedule"
                icon="slides" >}}

<!-- {{< button-link label="Conference Photos"
                url="pictures"
                icon="picture" >}} -->

<!-- {{< button-link label="Organize QCrypt 2026"
                url="2025"
                icon="map-marker" >}} -->

{{% /jumbo %}}

{{% home-info what="" class="primary" %}}

<!-- Participants:>200,Days:5,Invited Talks:9,Tutorials:4 -->

## What is QCrypt 2025?

QCrypt 2025 is the 15th edition of the yearly international scientific conference presenting last year's top results in quantum cryptography. See the list of previous conferences <a style="color: yellow" href="/2025/charter/#history-of-qcrypt">here</a>.
{{% /home-info %}}

{{% home-keydates %}}

{{% home-keydate-table title="Key Dates QCrypt 2025" %}}

<!-- | April                        | **TALK SUBMISSION NOW CLOSED**      | -->

| Date                         | Event                               |
| :--------------------------- | :---------------------------------- |
| 1 April                      | Talk/Poster submission deadline     |
| 14 April                     | Early poster notification\*         |
| 15 April                     | **Registration opens**              |
| 3 June                       | Poster-only submission deadline     |
| 11 June                      | Talk acceptance notification        |
| 13 June                      | Poster-only acceptance notification |
| 23 June                      | Early bird rate deadline            |
| 23 July                      | Registration deadline               |
| **Mon, 25 - Fri, 29 August** | **QCrypt 2025**                     |

{{% /home-keydate-table %}}

{{% home-keydate-table title="Website Updates" %}}
| Date | Event |
| :--------------------------- | :---------------------------------- |
| January 20, 2025 | Publish for pages of QCrypt 2025|
{{% /home-keydate-table %}}

\* The intention of the early poster notification is to facilitate logistics related to registration and travel authorizations. Submissions accepted at this stage will continue through the talk selection process.

<!-- **NOTE:** All dates without a specified day of the week are pending. -->

{{% /home-keydates %}}

<!-- THE MAP -->

{{% home-location
    image="/images/2025/ustc.jpg"
    address="Sanya, Hainan, P.R.China"
    latitude="18.2525"
    longitude="109.5121"
    %}}

<!-- ## The 2025 venue -->

<strong>Organized by: University of Science and Technology of China</strong>

{{% /home-location %}}

<!--
{{% home-speakers year=2025 %}}

## Featured Speakers

Coming Soon ...

{{< button-link label="All Speakers"
                url="/2025/speakers"
                icon="cfp" >}}

{{% /home-speakers %}}-->

{{% partners categories="sponsor" year=2025 %}}

## Sponsors

QCrypt 2025 is seeking sponsors.

To know more about sponsor packages and other information, contact {{< button-link label="2025@qcrypt.net" url="mailto:2025@qcrypt.net?subject=Sponsorship Enquiry" icon="email" >}}

{{% /partners %}}

Commit message:

update PC and key dates of 2025

content/2025/_index.md, after:

---
title: Home
menu:
    main:
        weight: 1
        identifier: home-2025
year: 2025
type: home
layout: home
---

<!-- JUMBO -->

{{% jumbo img="/images/2025/background_2025.jpg" imgLabel="QCrypt 2025 background" logo="/images/2025/QCrypt_2025_logo.png" %}}

## 25–29 August 2025

{{< button-link label="Conference Call"
                url="technical/call"
                icon="right" >}}

<!-- {{< button-link label="Regisration"
                url="attend/registration"
                icon="direction" >}}

{{< button-link label="Schedule"
                url="schedule"
                icon="slides" >}} -->

<!-- {{< button-link label="Conference Photos"
                url="pictures"
                icon="picture" >}} -->

<!-- {{< button-link label="Organize QCrypt 2026"
                url="2025"
                icon="map-marker" >}} -->

{{% /jumbo %}}

{{% home-info what="" class="primary" %}}

<!-- Participants:>200,Days:5,Invited Talks:9,Tutorials:4 -->

## What is QCrypt 2025?

QCrypt 2025 is the 15th edition of the yearly international scientific conference presenting last year's top results in quantum cryptography. See the list of previous conferences <a style="color: yellow" href="/2025/charter/#history-of-qcrypt">here</a>.
{{% /home-info %}}

{{% home-keydates %}}

{{% home-keydate-table title="Key Dates QCrypt 2025" %}}

<!-- | April                        | **TALK SUBMISSION NOW CLOSED**      | -->

| Date                         | Event                                   |
| :--------------------------- | :-------------------------------------- |
| Fri, 11 April 2025           | Talk submission deadline                |
| Fri, 02 May 2025             | Early poster notification\*             |
| Sun, 1 June 2025             | Poster submission deadline              |
| Sun, 15 June 2025            | Talk and poster acceptance notification |
| **Mon, 25 - Fri, 29 August** | **QCrypt 2025**                         |

{{% /home-keydate-table %}}

{{% home-keydate-table title="Website Updates" %}}
| Date | Event |
| :--------------------------- | :---------------------------------- |
| February 14, 2025 | Update Conference Committee and Key Dates|
| January 20, 2025 | Publish for pages of QCrypt 2025|
{{% /home-keydate-table %}}

\* The intention of the early poster notification is to facilitate logistics related to registration and travel authorizations. Submissions accepted at this stage will continue through the talk selection process.
<br>
(all times 23:59 AoE)

<!-- **NOTE:** All dates without a specified day of the week are pending. -->

{{% /home-keydates %}}

<!-- THE MAP -->

{{% home-location
    image="/images/2025/ustc.jpg"
    address="Sanya, Hainan, P.R.China"
    latitude="18.2525"
    longitude="109.5121"
    %}}

<!-- ## The 2025 venue -->

<strong>Organized by: University of Science and Technology of China and CAS Center for Excellence in Quantum Information and Quantum Physics</strong>

{{% /home-location %}}

<!--
{{% home-speakers year=2025 %}}

## Featured Speakers

Coming Soon ...

{{< button-link label="All Speakers"
                url="/2025/speakers"
                icon="cfp" >}}

{{% /home-speakers %}}-->

{{% partners categories="" year=2025 %}}

## Sponsors

QCrypt 2025 is seeking sponsors.

To know more about sponsor packages and other information, contact {{< button-link label="2025@qcrypt.net" url="mailto:2025@qcrypt.net?subject=Sponsorship Enquiry" icon="email" >}}

{{% /partners %}}
