content/2023/_index.md, before:

---
title: Home
year: 2023
type: home

---
<!-- JUMBO -->
{{% jumbo img="/images/backgrounds/umd1.jpg" imgLabel="QCrypt 2022 background" %}}

## August 14–18, 2023

{{< button-link label="Conference Program"
                url="/pdf/QCrypt23-Program.pdf"
                target="_blank"
                icon="pdf" >}}

{{< button-link label="Awards and Business Meeting"
                url="/2024/sessions/business"
                icon="cfp" >}}

{{< button-link label="Exit Survey"
                url="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScFytHnfnz8iix5UXr8YUJgxAiBvdEAtshy3y9twJvQAY8DBA/viewform"
                target="_blank"
                icon="subscribe" >}}


{{% /jumbo %}}


{{% home-info class="primary" %}}

## What is QCrypt 2023?

QCrypt 2023 is the 13th edition of the yearly international scientific conference presenting last year's top results in quantum cryptography. See the list of previous conferences <a style="color: yellow" href="/charter/#history-of-qcrypt">here</a>.

{{% /home-info %}}

{{% home-keydates %}}
	
### <strong>Key Dates QCrypt 2023</strong>
|Date |Event|
|:----|:----|
|<strike> 27 March 2023 </strike> | <!-- <a href="https://hotcrp.science.uva.nl/" target="_blank"> --> <strike> Talk submission open now </strike>|
|<strike> Wed, 12 April 2023, 16:00 CET </strike> | <strike> Talk submission deadline </strike>|
|<strike> Wed, 3 May - Tue, 08 August 2023 </strike>| <strike> Registration open now </strike>|
|<strike> Wed, 21 June 2023</strike>|<strike> Talk acceptance notification </strike>|
|<strike>Thu, 22 June 2023</strike>|<strike> Poster submission opens</strike>|
|<strike>Fri, 30 June 2023, 16:00 CET</strike>|<strike>Poster submission deadline</strike>|
|<strike>Sat, 8 July 2023</strike>| <strike>Poster acceptance notification</strike>|
|<strike>Sat, 15 July 2023</strike>| <strike>Early bird rate deadline</strike>|
|<strike>Tue, 08 August 2023</strike>| <strike>Registration deadline</strike>|
|<strong>Mon, 14 - Fri, 18 August 2023 </strong>| <strong>QCrypt 2023</strong>|


### <strong>Website Updates</strong>
|Date |Event|
|:----|:----|
|December 12, 2023 | <strong>Talk Videos on YouTube</h3></strong><body style="text-align:left">Talks from QCrypt 2023 are now available to <a href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbY0Lk6JsgBEph5CPYTQZs6cOKBPGSnnI">watch on YouTube.</a>|
|August 17, 2023 | <strong>QCrypt 2024 Venue Announced</h3></strong><body style="text-align:left"> Find more about QCrypt 2024 (and QCrypt 2025) <a href="/2024/"> <strong>here</strong> </a>.|
|August 17, 2023 | <strong>Student Paper Awards Announced</h3></strong><body style="text-align:left"> Find the details <a href="/2023/sessions/business/"> <strong>here</strong> </a>.|
|August 15, 2023 | Group Photo Available</h3></strong><body style="text-align:left">The group photo from Monday evening is now <a href="https://umd.box.com/s/ro56fac22mf5j8xkjcb06ggw0igil4nv">available to view and download.</a> Find some more photos below.</body>|



{{% /home-keydates %}}

<!-- THE MAP -->
{{% home-location
    image="https://brandportal.umd.edu/m/201095fc65e15cf6/Hero_web-IribeCenter_JC_09182019_8325-tif.jpg"
    address="Brendan Iribe Center for Computer Science and Engineering, University of Maryland, 8125 Paint Branch Drive, College Park, MD, USA 20742"
    latitude="38.98928161543911"
    longitude="-76.9361273795895"
    %}}

## The 2023 venue
<!-- ### online -->
{{% /home-location %}}

## Sponsors

{{% partners categories="gold,silver,bronze,community" year=2023 %}}
{{% /partners %}}

Commit message:

more main page clean up

content/2023/_index.md, after:

---
title: Home
year: 2023
type: home

---
<!-- JUMBO -->
{{% jumbo img="/images/backgrounds/umd1.jpg" imgLabel="QCrypt 2022 background" %}}

## August 14–18, 2023

{{< button-link label="Conference Program"
                url="/pdf/QCrypt23-Program.pdf"
                target="_blank"
                icon="pdf" >}}

{{< button-link label="Awards and Business Meeting"
                url="/2024/sessions/business"
                icon="cfp" >}}

{{< button-link label="Exit Survey"
                url="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScFytHnfnz8iix5UXr8YUJgxAiBvdEAtshy3y9twJvQAY8DBA/viewform"
                target="_blank"
                icon="subscribe" >}}


{{% /jumbo %}}


{{% home-info class="primary" %}}

## What is QCrypt 2023?

QCrypt 2023 is the 13th edition of the yearly international scientific conference presenting last year's top results in quantum cryptography. See the list of previous conferences <a style="color: yellow" href="/charter/#history-of-qcrypt">here</a>.

{{% /home-info %}}

{{% home-keydates %}}
	
## Key Dates QCrypt 2023
|Date |Event|
|:----|:----|
|<strike> 27 March 2023 </strike> | <!-- <a href="https://hotcrp.science.uva.nl/" target="_blank"> --> <strike> Talk submission open now </strike>|
|<strike> Wed, 12 April 2023, 16:00 CET </strike> | <strike> Talk submission deadline </strike>|
|<strike> Wed, 3 May - Tue, 08 August 2023 </strike>| <strike> Registration open now </strike>|
|<strike> Wed, 21 June 2023</strike>|<strike> Talk acceptance notification </strike>|
|<strike>Thu, 22 June 2023</strike>|<strike> Poster submission opens</strike>|
|<strike>Fri, 30 June 2023, 16:00 CET</strike>|<strike>Poster submission deadline</strike>|
|<strike>Sat, 8 July 2023</strike>| <strike>Poster acceptance notification</strike>|
|<strike>Sat, 15 July 2023</strike>| <strike>Early bird rate deadline</strike>|
|<strike>Tue, 08 August 2023</strike>| <strike>Registration deadline</strike>|
|<strong>Mon, 14 - Fri, 18 August 2023 </strong>| <strong>QCrypt 2023</strong>|


## Website Updates
|Date |Event|
|:----|:----|
|December 12, 2023 |Talks from QCrypt 2023 are now available to <a href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbY0Lk6JsgBEph5CPYTQZs6cOKBPGSnnI">watch on YouTube.</a>|
|August 17, 2023 | QCrypt 2024 Venue Announced <a href="/2023/2024"> here</a>.|
|August 17, 2023 | <strong>Student Paper Awards Announced</strong> <a href="/2023/sessions/business/">here</a>.|
|August 15, 2023 | The group photo from Monday evening is now <a href="https://umd.box.com/s/ro56fac22mf5j8xkjcb06ggw0igil4nv">available to view and download.</a>|
|August 14, 2023 | The <a href="/2023/sessions/rump/">Rump Session</a> theme is: “We love turtles” ❤️🐢❤️|
|August 14, 2023 | Attendees are encouraged to fill out the <a target="_blank" href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScFytHnfnz8iix5UXr8YUJgxAiBvdEAtshy3y9twJvQAY8DBA/viewform">exit questionnaire</a> about their conference experience.|
|August 11, 2023 | The digital version of the <a href="https://umd.box.com/s/0gp344b5j4wupyrv9wbivjdpfw350rvx">conference program is now available.|
|August 4, 2023 | Updated Rump Session Instructions: Have a breakthrough result or an amusing quantum cryptography anecdote? Share it at the QCrypt 2023 Rump Session! Submit your proposal <a href="/2023/sessions/rump/"><strong>here</strong></a> before the early submission deadline on Tuesday, August 15, at 11:30 a.m. to secure your spot.|
|July 31, 2023 | QCrypt 2023 registration has been extended until Tuesday, August 8. [Register here](https://app.certain.com/profile/3363153) |
|July 27, 2023 | Instructions on the length of talks, poster sizes, and uploading PowerPoints is now available on the <a href="2023/presentations/">Presentations page</a>|
|July 26, 2023 |  QCrypt 2023 is hosting a special public event that will bring together proponents of Quantum Key Distribution (QKD) and Post Quantum Cryptography (PQC) to compare the advantages and concerns. Open to the public, this timely and important discussion will be of interest across a wide range of audiences including industry, academia, government, and more. The discussion is scheduled for <a href="/2023/schedule/#day_2023-08-15">Tuesday, August 15</a> from 6–7 p.m. in the Iribe Center.|
|July 19, 2023| A packed <a href="/2023/schedule">five day schedule</a> is now available on the conference website including three tutorial talks, seven invited talks, 32 contributing talks and over 100 posters presentations. There will also be an evening reception and a banquet dinner.|
| July 19, 2023 | <strong>Parking and Construction Updates</strong>: Significant construction is taking place on the UMD campus due to the Purple Line, a new light rail that will extend from New Carrollton in Prince George’s County to Silver Spring and Bethesda in Montgomery County. Therefore, parking is unavailable for visitors on campus, and pedestrian detours are likely. The closest parking lot is diagonally across the street from the Iribe Center next to The Hotel, available via <strong><a href="https://www.offcampusparking.com/collegepark">the parking app SpotHero.</a></strong><br><br>Typically, the university is accessible via the College Park/U of MD station on the <a href="https://www.wmata.com/">Washington Metro</a> system's Green Line. <strong>However, parts of the Green Line serving College Park will be closed during QCrypt due to ongoing maintenance</strong>. Buses are provided at closed stations in lieu of the Metro trains, but they are usually overcrowded and inefficient. If you do travel to the College Park/U of MD station by bus, <a href="https://transportation.umd.edu/shuttle-um/104/501">a free UMD shuttle bus #104</a> is available every eight minutes on weekdays between the station and campus. See the <a href="https://2023.qcrypt.net/travel/">travel</a> tab for more information.|
| July 19, 2023 | <strong>Volunteer for Session Chair</strong>: This is a good opportunity to raise your profile in the world of QCrypt and Quantum Cryptography. If you would like to volunteer to chair a technical session during QCrypt 2023—please email the organizers [2023@qcrypt.net](mailto:2023@qcrypt.net?subject=QCrypt%20Session%20Chair) with the subject ‘QCrypt Session Chair.’|
|July 9, 2023 | <strong>Visa and ESTA info</strong>: If needed, the responsibility for obtaining a visa is on the attendee. Attendees from certain countries <a style="color: blue" href="https://esta.cbp.dhs.gov/esta">may qualify for a visa waiver</a>. However, attendees will still require <a style="color: blue" href="https://esta.cbp.dhs.gov/esta">Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA)</a> approval prior to travel.|
|July 8, 2023 | The deadline for the early bird registration rate has been extended to July 15. Be sure to <a style="color: blue" href="/2023/registration">register</a> for your spot before prices go up.|
|July 7, 2023 | <strong>UMD President and NIST Associate Director to Address QCrypt '23</strong>: We are delighted to announce that UMD President Dr. Darryll Pines and NIST Associate Director for Laboratory Programs Dr. Charles Romine will <a style="color: blue" href="/2023/speakers">address QCrypt</a> at the reception on Monday, August 14.|
|July 6, 2023| A limited amount of funding is available to support students who need assistance and would not be able to attend without it. Students who seek a fee waiver should write to the conference organizers [2023@qcrypt.net](mailto:2023@qcrypt.net?subject=QCrypt%202023%20Student%20Fee%20Waiver) with the subject line "QCrypt 2023 Student Fee Waiver" by July 15 to receive further instructions.|
|June 30, 2023 | <a style="color: blue" href="/2023/speakers">An industry panel</a> discussion will take place on Thursday morning, including representatives from IDQuantique, Toshiba, Cisco, Qubitekk and NIST.|
|June 21, 2023 | <strong>Accepted Papers Announced</strong>: Over 30 papers have been selected for contributed talks. <a style="color: blue" href="/2023/accepted-papers">Learn more.</a>|
|June 15, 2023 | We are excited to have a great list of tutorial and invited speakers. See the <a style="color: blue" href="/2023/peakers">speaker page</a> for more details.|



{{% /home-keydates %}}

<!-- THE MAP -->
{{% home-location
    image="https://brandportal.umd.edu/m/201095fc65e15cf6/Hero_web-IribeCenter_JC_09182019_8325-tif.jpg"
    address="Brendan Iribe Center for Computer Science and Engineering, University of Maryland, 8125 Paint Branch Drive, College Park, MD, USA 20742"
    latitude="38.98928161543911"
    longitude="-76.9361273795895"
    %}}

## The 2023 venue
<!-- ### online -->
{{% /home-location %}}

## Sponsors

{{% partners categories="gold,silver,bronze,community" year=2023 %}}
{{% /partners %}}
